Update migration documents for APIM 4.1.0 (#5519)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/upgrading-from-wso2-ei/upgrading-from-esb-5.x.x.md

### Migrating the Hl7 Transport

> HL7 transport is not shipped by default in the API-M 4.1.0 Micro Integrator distribution. Therefore, the jars need to be added to the Micro Integrator server manually. See [Configuring the HL7 transport]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/mi-setup/transport_configurations/configuring-transports/#configuring-the-hl7-transport) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HL7 transport is not shipped by default in the API-M 4.1.0 Micro Integrator distribution. Therefore, the .jar files need to be added to the Micro Integrator server manually. See [Configuring the HL7 transport]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/mi-setup/transport_configurations/configuring-transports/#configuring-the-hl7-transport) for details.
```
